# Python-problem
Scoring a match of tennis happens in terms of games and sets. A game consists of a sequence of points played with the same player serving. A set consists of a sequence of games played with the serving player alternating between games, ending when the count of games won meets certain criteria. For this question, we will be looking at scoring sets.  Typically, a player wins a set by winning at least six games and at least two games more than the opponent. If one player has won six games and the opponent five, an additional game is played. If the leading player wins that game, the player wins the set 7‑5. If the trailing player wins the game, a tiebreaker game is played, allows one player to win one more game and thus the set, to give a final set score of 7‑6.  For this question, we use the two game-scoring functions from the previous two questions to calculate set scores. Once again, we will be provided with a sequence of points and the starting server of the set. This sequence of points needs to be split up into games to calculate the set score, returning the "remainder" of the points in the match if the sequence is longer than a single set.  To make things simpler, we will assume that all sets go to a tiebreaker in the instance that the game score is tied at 6‑6.  Write a function comp101_set(points, server, tiebreaker=comp101_tiebreaker, game=comp101_game) that takes four arguments:  points A sequence of points, in the form of a list with each point represented by the integer 0 or 1, indicating that Player 0 or Player 1 won the given point, respectively; server An integer which takes value 0 or 1, indicating that Player 0 or Player 1, respectively, served the first point; tiebreaker A function object which implements comp101_tiebreaker from the first question; game A function object that implements comp101_game from the second question. Your function should return a tuple in the form of (score, winner, remainder), where:  score A string indicating the set score (see below); winner An indication of whether the set is incomplete (i.e. None), Player 0 has won the set (i.e. 0), or Player 1 won the set (i.e. 1); remainder A list of integers, representing the sequence of points remaining in the match after the current set. The set score should be represented as a string made up of the score for the starting server for the set, followed by a hyphen ("-"), and the score for the starting receiver. That is, if the server is Player 1, the score for Player 1 should be presented first, followed by the score for Player 0. For example, if the set score were 2‑5, it would be represented as the string "2-5".  Like the previous questions, the score for an unstarted set should be represented as "0-0", and complete sets should be represented with their final score.  Here are some example calls to the function:   >>> print(comp101_set([], 0)) ('0-0', None, []) >>> print(comp101_set([0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0], 1)) ('1-2', None, []) >>> print(comp101_set([0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0], 0)) ('6-1', 0, [0])
